Added WireMock to the Hacktoberfest Swag List (#739) (#753)
crweiner/hacktoberfest-swag-list: docs/list.md

- **Issues**: [Eligible projects and issues](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aturbot+topic%3Ahacktoberfest&type=repositories).
- **Notes**: Read more details in the [announcement post](https://turbot.com/blog/2023/10/hacktoberfest-2023) and join our [Turbot community](https://turbot.com/community/join) `#contributors` channel with any questions.

### W

#### **WireMock**

- **Swag**: T-Shirts, Stickers, Special swag.
- **Requirements**:

>     - All projects in the official WireMock organization on GitHub.

Reviewer: These are *where to contribute*, the requirements section needs the list of things one needs to do to be eligible to win the swag(s).

You could look into the other submissions at [hacktoberfestswaglist](https://hacktoberfestswaglist.com/list/) or check the [contributing guide](docs/contributing.md) to get help with this section.

Author: Hey @vimode, I removed that first line. Now is it okay?

    - [WireMock Ecosystem](https://github.com/wiremock/ecosystem) projects marked with a `hacktoberfest` topic by their maintainers.
    - Judge contributions by the most active contributors, quality and value.

> - **How to sign up**: Sign up for [registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfC_8mX8lpQNhksqQGUhsQ0zTvRzMC5YzufVVbVkPksxouLFw/viewform)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **How to sign up**: Sign up for [registration form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeBiJSYV4PNFYOH1Jo9PSheOYKxqV2NJE3LELL9a_fYq4fpfw/viewform?usp=sf_link)
```
I believe you may have the wrong Google Form link here, @biplobsd. The one that you have links to the "Treblle Hacktoberfest Hackathon." Is this a separate organization that we should also have on the Swag List?

Reviewer: @crweiner I am unsure if Treblle's hacktoberfest hackathon would be counted towards the DO hacktoberfest event PR count. If thats OK, then a must add. That hackathon looks amazing, the landing page itself is so inspiring! 🎃

Reviewer 2: > That hackathon looks amazing, the landing page itself is so inspiring! 🎃

[I just pulled it up myself and yes, that does look amazing!](https://hacked.treblle.com) 😍 

[According to their blog post](https://blog.treblle.com/treblle-hacktoberfest/), Treblle will link to your newly-created SDK, which will be in the submitter's own GitHub repo. You _can_ use your own projects to count towards Hacktoberfest, as long as the repo is opted-in and you are still making meaningful PRs.

With that in mind, I say we can add it, as long as we note that you must tag the repo for Hacktoberfest yourself. 🎃

Reviewer 2: Forgot to ping you on the above, @vimode! ⬆️

Reviewer: @crweiner 

> You can use your own projects to count towards Hacktoberfest, as long as the repo is opted-in and you are still making meaningful PRs.

Wasn't aware of this rule. Thats great. Would you be adding it in your next merge or we could create a new issue?
